What is the difference between include and required?  Include will run tbut generate a warning, require will terminate the script. 

Why can you put PHP into an included file even when it uses a html extension?  Because the code will be executed inside a PHP script.

What the the differences between absolute and relative references to a file?  Absolute paths produce the exact location of the file on a storage device, relative produces the location of the file relative to where it is being called from.

How do you define a constant?  Are constant names case-sensitive or case-insensitive?  How can you check of a constant has been defined?  The define() function is used to define a constant (define('CONSTANT', 'value')).  Constants are case sensitive.  You can check to see if a constant has been defined using the defined() function which will return true of false.  

What is epoch?  What is a timestamp?  January 1st 1970 00:00:00 GMT.  A timestamp is a number representing how much time has passed since epoch.  

What is the significance of $SERVER['REQUEST_METHOD']?  This value in the $SERVER array will tell you how the form has been submitted, ie: POST.

How do you have a form element “remeber” previously submitted values?  You can make values on a form “sticky” by first checking if they had been filled out in the first placing using the isset() function and then setting them to their set value from the $_POST[] arrary.

How can you see a PHP error that occurs within a form element (e.g. when presenting a form's element value)?  You can test if form elements have been filled out using empty() or !empty.  You can use substr() or substr_count() to check to see if values are present and in what capacity.  

What does the 'headers already sent' error mean?  How can it be prevented?  This error indicates that something was sent to the browser (white space, html, or a print statement) prior to the header() function being called.  The error can be prevented using output buffering ob_start() & ob_flush() -or- ob_clean() to prevent the immediate execute of these items.   
